Update Controller Admin guide for UI changes (#1427)
ansible/aap-docs: downstream/modules/platform/proc-controller-set-up-logging.adoc

* *Logging Aggregator Username*: Enter the username of the logging aggregator if required.
* *Logging Aggregator Password/Token*: Enter the password of the logging aggregator if required.
* *Loggers to Send Data to the Log Aggregator Form*: All four types of data are pre-populated by default.
Click the tooltip image:question_circle.png[Help,15,15] icon next to the field for additional information on each data type.
Delete the data types you do not want.
* *Cluster wide unique identifier*: Use this to uniquely identify instances.
* *Logging Aggregator Protocol*: Click to select a connection type (protocol) to communicate with the log aggregator.
Subsequent options vary depending on the selected protocol.
* *TCP Connection Timeout*: Specify the connection timeout in seconds.
This option is only applicable to HTTPS and TCP log aggregator protocols.
* *Logging Aggregator Level Threshold*: Select the level of severity you want the log handler to report.

> * *Maximum number of messages that can be stored in the log action queue*:Defines how large the `rsyslog`` action queue can grow in number of messages stored. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* *Maximum number of messages that can be stored in the log action queue*:Defines how large the `rsyslog` action queue can grow in number of messages stored. 
```

This can have an impact on memory use. 

> When the queue reaches 75% of this number, the queue will start writing to disk (`queue.highWatermark` in `rsyslog`). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the queue reaches 75% of this number, the queue starts writing to disk (`queue.highWatermark` in `rsyslog`). 
```
